تحميل التطبيق
تحميل التطبيق
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
We at Excellence Driving are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. We will always take reasonable and appropriate measures to prevent the unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal information. This Privacy Policy (together with the terms and conditions relating to the services you have enrolled for) explains what personal information we have, how we use it and how you can check and update any personal information we have about you.
By enrolling for any of our services or by accessing any of our sites, you acknowledge and agree that this Privacy Policy applies to all services offered by us and to all of our sites, but excludes services and sites that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
How we define personal information
Personal information is any information that is specific to a particular customer. We may collect your personal information such as:
If you give us personal information about another person that we have requested in relation to the provision of a service, you are responsible for ensuring that they know and agree to us keeping records about them and that we will process their personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
How your personal information is used
We collect and use personal information to help us manage your account:
We may monitor your use of the services and record any calls made to our call centre for training, financial control, quality control and regulatory purposes.
Cookies
Like many other websites, we use cookies. Cookies are little files that websites put on your device to provide you with a better, more personal and relevant experience online. Some cookies are essential for websites to work and others remember things about you to give you a better, more enjoyable experience online. By continuing to use our websites, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Alternatively, you can manage them in your browser settings. However, refusing cookies may mean that you are unable to access certain parts of our websites.
We use various types of cookies, including essential cookies (which help you move around the secure areas of the websites and do things you have specifically come to the websites for, for examples remembering products you put in your basket and information you enter in forms), cookies for website information (which collect anonymous information about how visitors use our websites, including the most popular pages and any error pages you see), and cookies that save your settings.
Can We Share and Disclose Your Personal Information
Your personal information may be shared with, or transferred to trusted third parties (including agents, subcontractors and suppliers who are integral to providing some of our services). By enrolling for any of our course, you agree that we may share your personal information in such manner. However, you always have the option to withdraw your consent by contacting us.
We may also disclose your personal information to third parties if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation or to protect the rights, property, or safety of our customers or others.
We may share your personal information for emergency services, including your approximate location.
We may be required to disclose your personal information or legally intercept the services to comply with the laws of the UAE or the express instructions of a competent authority (such as the Road and Transport Authority) or where it is deemed necessary in the interests of public or security.
In addition, we may share aggregated and/or anonymised (non-personally identifiable) information, derived from your personal information, publicly and with our partners such as publishers, advertisers, website owners etc.
Our Direct Marketing Activities
Excellence Driving, our affiliated companies and our trusted partners may from time to time contact you by mail or by electronic means (telephone call, email, SMS etc.) with information about goods, services, promotional offers and communication which may be of interest to you.
Excellence Driving and Road & Transport Authority (RTA) understand that some of you may not wish to receive promotional SMS’s or calls anymore. In that case, you can unsubscribe to our alerts.
We respect your privacy. Informational messages from Excellence Driving such as bill invoices and balance on lessons, registration, service and information related communication, etc. are not subject to blocking.
How long we store your personal information
Some of the personal information which you give to Excellence Driving when subscribing for a service or product will be retained for a reasonable period even after acquiring the driving license.
The periods for which we keep your information depend on the purpose for which your information was collected and the use to which it is put. We will not keep your personal information for longer than is necessary for our business purposes or for legal requirements.
How You Can Access Your Information
You agree to provide us accurate personal information at all times and you will notify us promptly upon any changes to your personal information. If you want to access any of your personal information once your course is complete, you may contact us by mail or email. Alternatively, you may login to our digital portals to access your personal information.
Login Details
Excellence Driving will ask you to set up or provide you, a username and password for access to our services which will act as your progress tracker as well. You acknowledge that any username or password used to verify your identity for access to the services is personal to you and should not be made available to any other person.
Excellence Driving will not be responsible for any loss you may suffer as a result of the misuse of your username or password.
How do we secure and protect your personal information
We do our best to protect your personal details and other information about your account and use security measures to prevent any compromise of your personal information, including storing your account details and personal information on secure servers.
Updating our Privacy Policy
Any changes we make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on our website and shall be effective from that date. Please check our website regularly to see any changes to our Privacy Policy. By continuing to use our services you acknowledge and agree to those changes.
إكسلنس لتعليم لقيادة السيارات 
صندوق بريد - 446241 
منطقة القصيص الصناعية - 5 دبي,
 الإمارات العربية المتحدة       