تحميل التطبيق
تحميل التطبيق
General Terms of Use
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before using this site. By using this site, you signify your agreement to these terms and conditions. If you do not agree with any of the terms and conditions below, do not access or use this site. Excellence Driving reserves the right to modify, alter or otherwise update these terms and conditions from time to time as it deems fit which modifications, alterations or updates shall automatically be binding on you.
Introduction
Disclaimer
Liability
In particular Excellence Driving shall not be liable to any Customer(s) for any delay in providing or restoring Excellence Driving and related services nor for loss or damage(s) and /or any loss of data howsoever caused including without limitation, non-delivery, misuse or mis-delivery or of any interruption, suspension, or termination of service, or for the contents, accuracy or information or resource made available or received or transmitted through the Excellence mobile app, website and services provided.
Payment Rules
Modification of Services
Excellence Driving reserves the right to change and/or amend online services, services offered or delivered to the customer when required. Furthermore Excellence Driving reserves the right to discontinue all or part of Excellence Online Services, Services and Products without any prior notice.
Amendment
Excellence Driving reserves the right to change, amend or reproduce these Terms and Conditions or any document related to Online Services, Excellence Services from time to time as it may deem fit. Any such change, amendment or reproduction shall immediately bind the Customer from the date on which it is posted on the Excellence Driving Website.
Customer’s Responsibilities
Data Collection & Protection Policy
Excellence Driving website policies and practices with respect to the collection, use, retention, disclosure, transfer, security and access of personal data will be in accordance with the Excellence Driving website privacy policy, Excellence Driving website Terms & Conditions and applicable UAE law(s).
Personal Data & Information Needed
It may be necessary for the customer to provide Excellence with her / his personal information ("Personal Data") when Customers apply to enrol for our services. If customer personal data is incomplete or incorrect, Excellence Driving may not be able to provide or continue to provide its services to the customer.
Information Needed to Execute the Transactions you Request
When Excellence does require information from customer, Excellence will request customers to submit this to Excellence voluntarily. This information will help Excellence to get in touch with customer and process his/her requests where applicable. The information can also be used for marketing or quality assurance purposes.
Governing law & Jurisdiction
This terms and conditions are governed by the laws of the United Arab Emirates. Any disputes arising out of or in connection with this terms and conditions shall be resolved by the courts of the United Arab Emirates.
إكسلنس لتعليم لقيادة السيارات 
صندوق بريد - 446241 
منطقة القصيص الصناعية - 5 دبي,
 الإمارات العربية المتحدة       