Download the app
Download the app
Customer Grievance
Excellence Driving School is committed to put customers at the very heart of the way we develop and enhance our services. As a service organization, customer service and customer satisfaction are of prime concern to Excellence Driving School. Our ongoing efforts to improve our procedures helps us continuously learn and better our processes.
As we persistently strive to minimize the instances of customer complaints, should there be an unlikely event of where we fall short of your expectations and you feel you have been treated unfairly or if you think a staff member has violated our organization standards, the following grievance procedure will apply. This procedure also applies to each of our customers’ and significant others of people receiving services. Excellence Driving School grievance redressal follows the under noted principles.


Our Commitment
Whilst you address your concerns to us, this is what you can expect:
Internal Procedure to handle Customer complaints / grievances
We at Excellence Driving are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. We will always take reasonable and appropriate measures to prevent the unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal information. This Privacy Policy (together with the terms and conditions relating to the services you have enrolled for) explains what personal information we have, how we use it and how you can check and update any personal information we have about you.
Mr. …………………………..................................
Address………………………………...................
………………………………….................................
………………………………….................................
Telephone: +971…………………………….....
E- mail:......................................................
Customer Service Committee
We at Excellence Driving are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. We will always take reasonable and appropriate measures to prevent the unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal information. This Privacy Policy (together with the terms and conditions relating to the services you have enrolled for) explains what personal information we have, how we use it and how you can check and update any personal information we have about you.
Resolution of Grievances
We at Excellence Driving are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. We will always take reasonable and appropriate measures to prevent the unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal information. This Privacy Policy (together with the terms and conditions relating to the services you have enrolled for) explains what personal information we have, how we use it and how you can check and update any personal information we have about you.
Interaction with customers
Excellence Driving School recognizes that the customer's expectation / requirement / grievances can be better appreciated through personal interaction with customers by the Excellence Driving School’s staff. The Customer Service Committee meets to gauge feedback/suggestions for improvement in customer service and increase awareness of Excellence Driving School’s products gauge feedback/suggestions for improvement in customer service and increase awareness of Excellence Driving School’s products 
Excellence Driving School recognizes that the customer's expectation / requirement / grievances can be better appreciated through personal interaction with customers by the Excellence Driving School’s staff. The Customer Service Committee meets to gauge feedback/suggestions for improvement in customer service and increase awareness of Excellence Driving School’s products gauge feedback/suggestions for improvement in customer service and increase awareness of Excellence Driving School’s products 
Excellence Driving
PO Box - 446241
Al Qusais Industrial Area - 5
Dubai, United Arab Emirates