Download the app
Download the app
Heavy bus driving license in UAE
LET’S TALK MONEY:Heavy Bus Driving Course Fees in Dubai, UAE 2024
Let’s go driving with our regular or a flexible plan designed keeping you in mind!
REGULAR
AED 4041
 / 
AED 3308
AED 5590.15
 / 
AED 4752 
AED 120/per hour
Week Sequence
Mon-Sat
Number of hours per week
6 hrs
Time allowed in the class type
08:30 - 13:3015:00 - 17:00 20:00 - 23:00
Minimum Booking duration1 hr
Maximum class duration per day
2 hrs
Priority of Scheduling
NO
No cost rescheduling upto how many hours
48 hrs
Scheduling Interval*
1 hr
Whether no show is chargeable or not **
YES
FLEXI
AED 4775.9
 / 
AED 3938.25
AED 7060.15
 / 
AED 6012
AED 180/per hour
Week Sequence
Sun - Thurs
Number of hours per week
14 hrs
Time allowed in the class type
08:30 - 13:3015:00 - 17:00
Minimum Booking duration
1 hr
Maximum class duration per day
2 hrs
Priority of Scheduling
NO
No cost rescheduling upto how many hours
48 hrs
Scheduling Interval*
24 hrs
Whether no show is chargeable or not **
YES
* Subject to availability can be reduced for regular category
** In case of medical emergency, the no show shall not be chargeable, subject to an attested Sick leave certiﬁcate
We're a stickler for rules:
Highlights of Our Heavy Bus Driving Course
Master the skills of passenger care and safety while transporting a vehicle of a capacity of 36 people and more. This course will teach you how to drive a passenger transport while managing safety and passenger comfort and help you getting a bus licence smoothly.
Over the age of 21 and want to acquire a UAE driving license category 6? Complete this course and pass the test to be eligible to drive passenger buses with a capacity of over 26 passengers.
This bus driver license course is structured to teach you a cumulation of all the required technical skills with an emphasis on passenger care, safety and crisis management in terms of emergencies like fires or accidents.
Documents required to issue a heavy bus driving license in Dubai, UAE
Original Emirates ID
Eye test must be completed before RTA ﬁle opening.
A valid visa issued in Dubai
Valid original UAE driving license (if any)
Holding a drivers’ visa (excluding Taxi Company):
Medical ﬁtness report from the RTA approved medical centre/hospitals.
Transferring your Heavy Bus license ﬁle from  other institutes in Dubai/Emirates:
Original RTA file from the previous Heavy bus driving school/ institute
No Objection letter/status report from previous school/institute.
Theory lectures details (if attended)
Training Sheet (if practical training has been taken)
Holding a partner visa:
Copy of valid trade license.
Working in Dubai, holding visa from another Emirate:
No Objection letter from your Dubai ofﬁce stating reference of your current employment with them.
How Many Tests Are There Before You Get A Heavy Bus Driving License?
You need to pass five tests in total along the way to acquiring your heavy bus license Dubai. Our experienced instructors will prepare you for each of these tests during your driving lessons. Please ensure to carry your Emirates ID and RTA learning permit at all times.
1.  Theory test
2. Assessment road test
3. Assessment parking test
4. RTA parking test
5. RTA road test
Our Heavy Bus Driving Lessons Will Begin With Theory
You start with the theoretical part of your UAE driving license category 6 courses to gain some knowledge of driving before getting behind the wheel and better harmonize your thoughts and reactions to perfect your practical understanding.
You can only proceed to practical driving lessons after passing the theoretical part of your heavy bus license Dubai.
WHAT YOU WILL LEARN: LECTURES IN OUR HEAVY BUS DRIVING COURSE
Lecture 1: Attitude and Responsibilities
Lecture 2: Traffic Signs
Lecture 3: Managing Risks
Lecture 4: Driver Condition
Lecture 5: Driving Environment
Lecture 6: Rules of the Road
Lecture 7: Hazard and Emergencies
Lecture 8: Your Vehicle
Want to learn from the comfort of your home? You can take these heavy bus driving lessons through our mobile app. All you need is the Excellence Mobile App and an internet connection. Heavy bus driving course presentations will be available on the app for you to refer to whilst studying for your theory test. Our driving lessons are available in English, Arabic and Urdu for your better understanding.
Want to learn from the comfort of your home? You can take these heavy bus driving lessons through our mobile app. All you need is the Excellence Mobile App and an internet connection. Heavy bus driving course presentations will be available on the app for you to refer to whilst studying for your theory test. Our driving lessons are available in English, Arabic and Urdu for your better understanding.
Excellence Driving
PO Box - 446241
Al Qusais Industrial Area - 5
Dubai, United Arab Emirates