Download the app
Download the app
Driving License for GCC license holders
LET’S TALK MONEY:UAE Driving License Fees for GCC License Holders
If you hold a valid driving license, you will be eligible for a direct driving test.
GCC
AED 2135
(Inclusive of 5% VAT)
Car driving training Days *
3 days / Week  
Mon, Wed, Fri OR Tues, Thurs, Sat
Training Hours per week *
Up to 6 hours
Cancellation/Re-scheduling
48 hours prior to the class
Class Timings
08:30 - 17:30
Training fees per hour
AED 80
**UAE Driving License for cars/LMV license is guaranteed within the amount displayed above, subject to completion of the course and RTA requirements.
*Class schedule is subject to slot availability.
We’re a stickler for rules:
Let’s Get Started: UAE Driving License for GCC License Holders
Are you over the age of 17 years and 6 months? If YES.  
You have the option to register for Automatic or Manual car driving lessons. 
Automatic driving license holders are permitted to drive automatic cars only.
but if you have Manual driving license, Woohoo, you can pick your choice of automatic or manual car and get driving!
Got no experience behind the wheel? 
No worries, Attend the GCC Driving Course provided by our car driving school 
and you’ll be ready to appear for the RTA test for a UAE driving license.
*The license will be issued on completion of 18 years of age, for trainees registering at the age of 17 years & 6 months.
**Directly attend the RTA theory test and RTA road test. Optional training can be attended before the first RTA road test (Per-hour training fees will apply)
It's now much simpler to get a driver's license if you have a GCC License. This thorough guide will take you step-by-step through the procedure, making sure you know precisely what to anticipate and how to quickly and lawfully get on the road. 
GCC License holders may now obtain a Dubai driver's license without having to attend any training sessions, according to a recent announcement from Dubai's Roads and Transport Authority (RTA).
Documents Required to Issue a UAE Driving License for GCC License Holders
Original Emirates ID
Original driving license from GCC countries (Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar and Saudi Arabia)
The eye test (must be completed before the RTA file opening)
Female learners who wish to take driving lessons from a male instructor:
If you are under 21 years old when you apply for a car driving course, you need to visit our office to issue an NOC upon registration.
Holding a drivers’ visa (excluding Taxi Company):
Medical fitness report from the RTA approved medical centre/hospitals.
Transferring your UAE driving license file from other institutes in Dubai/Emirates:
Original RTA file from the previous school/institute.No Objection letter/status report from previous school/institute.Theory lectures details (if attended).Training Sheet (if practical training has been taken).
How Many Tests Are There Before You Get a Dubai Driving License?
You need to pass only two tests in total along the way till you get your Dubai Driving License in Dubai:
No Theory Lectures
Optional training can be attended before the first RTA road test (Per-hour training fees will apply)
You don't need to attend any theory training sessions  
You don't need to attend any theory training sessions 
FAQs on GCC Driving License
Can I Drive in Dubai with a GCC Driving License?
Yes, you can drive in Dubai with a valid GCC (Gulf Cooperation Council) driving license. It is legal for the residents of GCC countries like Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Bahrain, Oman, and Qatar to drive in Dubai with a GCC driving license. 
Yes, you can drive in Dubai with a valid GCC (Gulf Cooperation Council) driving license. It is legal for the residents of GCC countries like Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Bahrain, Oman, and Qatar to drive in Dubai with a GCC driving license. 
 Do I Need to Convert My GCC Driving License in Dubai if I Become a Resident?
If you become a resident of Dubai, you are required to convert your GCC driving license to a UAE driving license. The conversion process is straightforward for citizens of GCC countries, as they are eligible for a direct license exchange without the need for additional tests or training. However, you will have to give an eye test before submitting the fees.
If you become a resident of Dubai, you are required to convert your GCC driving license to a UAE driving license. The conversion process is straightforward for citizens of GCC countries, as they are eligible for a direct license exchange without the need for additional tests or training. However, you will have to give an eye test before submitting the fees.
How Long Can I Use My GCC Driving License in the UAE?
If you're visiting the UAE as a tourist, you can use your GCC driving license for up to 90 days. However, if you want to stay for a longer period or become a resident, you must apply for a UAE driving license.
If you're visiting the UAE as a tourist, you can use your GCC driving license for up to 90 days. However, if you want to stay for a longer period or become a resident, you must apply for a UAE driving license.
What is the Process for Converting a GCC Driving License in Dubai?
Visit the RTA office or an authorized driving institute.Submit the required documents, which typically include your original driving license and a copy of it, Emirates ID, passport copy, residency visa, passport-sized photos, and NOC.Pay the applicable fees.Upon approval, you will be issued a UAE driving license.
Can I Take the GCC Driving Course Even If I Have a Valid GCC License?
You can opt to take a GCC driving course in Dubai even if you already hold a valid GCC license. This will be helpful to understand Dubai’s specific driving rules and regulations
You can opt to take a GCC driving course in Dubai even if you already hold a valid GCC license. This will be helpful to understand Dubai’s specific driving rules and regulations
I have an expired GCC license, can I register?
Yes, we can assist you with registration even if your GCC license has expired.
Yes, we can assist you with registration even if your GCC license has expired.
Can I exchange my GCC license for a UAE license directly at the RTA without taking any tests?
If you are a national of a GCC country and hold a GCC license, you are eligible to exchange it directly at the RTA headquarters without undergoing any tests.
If you are a national of a GCC country and hold a GCC license, you are eligible to exchange it directly at the RTA headquarters without undergoing any tests.
Excellence Driving
PO Box - 446241
Al Qusais Industrial Area - 5
Dubai, United Arab Emirates