Download the app
Download the app
Driving License for UAE Golden Visa Holders
LET’S TALK MONEY:UAE Driving License Fees for Golden Visa Holders
If you hold a Golden Visa and a valid driving license, you will be eligible for a direct driving test.
Golden Visa
AED 2135
(Inclusive of 5% VAT)
Car driving training Days *
3 days / Week  
Mon, Wed, Fri OR Tues, Thurs, Sat
Training Hours per week *
Up to 6 hours
Cancellation/Re-scheduling
48 hours prior to the class
Class Timings
08:30 - 17:30
Training fees per hour
AED 80
**UAE Driving License for cars/LMV license is guaranteed within the amount displayed above, subject to completion of the course and RTA requirements.
*Class schedule is subject to slot availability.
We’re a stickler for rules:
Let’s Get Started: Driving License for UAE Golden Visa Holders
Are you over the age of 17 years and 6 months? If YES.  
You have the option to register for Automatic or Manual car driving lessons. 
Automatic driving license holders are permitted to drive automatic cars only.
but if you have Manual driving license, Woohoo, you can pick your choice of automatic or manual car and get driving!
Got no experience behind the wheel? 
No worries, Attend the Golden Visa Course provided by our car driving school
and you’ll be ready to appear for the RTA test for a UAE driving license. 
*The license will be issued on completion of 18 years of age, for trainees registering at the age of 17 years & 6 months.
**Directly attend the RTA theory test and RTA road test. Optional training can be attended before the first RTA road test (Per-hour training fees will apply)
It's now much simpler to get a driver's license if you have a UAE Golden Visa. This thorough guide will take you step-by-step through the procedure, making sure you know precisely what to anticipate and how to quickly and lawfully get on the road.
Golden visa holders may now obtain a Dubai driver's license without having to attend any training sessions, according to a recent announcement from Dubai's Roads and Transport Authority (RTA).
 Documents Required to Issue a Driving License for Golden Visa Holders in Dubai, UAE
Original Emirates ID
Copy of UAE Golden Residency Visa 
The eye test (must be completed before the RTA file opening)
Valid Original driving license from another country (if any): The license must be legally translated only from Dubai if not printed in English/Arabic. The license must be attested from the home country embassy/consulate if in handwritten and/or in book format.
Female learners who wish to take driving lessons from a male instructor:
If you are under 21 years old when you apply for a car driving course, you need to visit our office to issue an NOC upon registration.
Holding a drivers’ visa (excluding Taxi Company):
Medical fitness report from the RTA approved medical centre/hospitals.
Transferring your UAE driving license file from other institutes in Dubai/Emirates:
Original RTA file from the previous school/institute.No Objection letter/status report from previous school/institute.Theory lectures details (if attended).Training Sheet (if practical training has been taken).
How Many Tests Are There Before You Get A Golden Visa Driving License?
You need to pass two tests in total along the way till you get your Golden Visa Driving License in Dubai:
You can only proceed to the practical driving lessons when you pass your theory part of the UAE driving license.
No Theory Lectures
Optional training can be attended before the first RTA road test (Per-hour training fees will apply)
You don't need to attend any theory training sessions  
You don't need to attend any theory training sessions 
FAQs on Golden Visa Driving License
What is the Golden Visa Driving License course?
The Golden Visa Driving License course is a specialized training program designed for UAE Golden Visa holders to obtain their driving license in Dubai. It includes theory classes, practical training, and necessary tests to ensure you become a qualified driver.
The Golden Visa Driving License course is a specialized training program designed for UAE Golden Visa holders to obtain their driving license in Dubai. It includes theory classes, practical training, and necessary tests to ensure you become a qualified driver.
 Who is eligible for the Golden Visa Driving License course?
Any individual holding a valid UAE Golden Visa is eligible to enrol in this driving license course.
Any individual holding a valid UAE Golden Visa is eligible to enrol in this driving license course.
Are there any special benefits for Golden Visa holders in this driving license course?
Golden Visa holders may benefit from expedited processing times and tailored training schedules.
Golden Visa holders may benefit from expedited processing times and tailored training schedules.
Can I use my existing foreign driving license as a Golden Visa holder?
You can use your existing foreign driving license to drive in the UAE for a limited period. However, you will need to convert it to a UAE driving license as soon as possible.
You can use your existing foreign driving license to drive in the UAE for a limited period. However, you will need to convert it to a UAE driving license as soon as possible.
Excellence Driving
PO Box - 446241
Al Qusais Industrial Area - 5
Dubai, United Arab Emirates