Download the app
Download the app
Heavy truck driving license in UAE
LET’S TALK MONEY:HEAVY TRUCK DRIVING LICENSE FEES
Let’s go driving with our regular or a ﬂexible plan designed keeping you in mind!
REGULAR
AED 4145
 / 
AED 3413
AED 5590.15
 / 
AED 4859
AED 120/per hour
Week SequenceSun - Thurs
Number of hours per week6 hrs
Time allowed in the class type08:30 - 13:3015:00 - 17:00
Minimum Booking duration1 hr
Maximum class duration per day2 hrs
Priority of SchedulingNO
No cost rescheduling upto how many hours48 hrs
Scheduling Interval*24 hrs
Whether no show is chargeable or not **YES
FLEXI
AED 4880
 / 
AED 4042.2
AED 7060.15
 / 
AED 6117
AED 180/per hour
Week SequenceSun - Sat
Number of hours per week20 hrs
Time allowed in the class type08:30 - 13:30  ,  15:00 - 17:00 20:00 - 23:00
Minimum Booking duration1 hr
Maximum class duration per day4 hrs
Priority of SchedulingYES
No cost rescheduling upto how many hours12 hrs
Scheduling Interval*1 hrs
Whether no show is chargeable or not **YES
* Subject to availability can be reduced for regular category
** In case of medical emergency, the no show shall not be chargeable, subject to an attested Sick leave certiﬁcate
We're a stickler for rules:
Heavy Truck Driving License in Dubai, UAE
Highlights of Our UAE Driving License Category 4
Looking to drive commercially to transport goods? This heavy truck driving course will teach you how to master driving a heavy truck while managing goods and reducing running costs.
Whilst the basic technicalities of driving a vehicle remain the same, driving a heavy vehicle such as trucks, tractors or trailers requires more efficiency and skill set especially for maneuvering and controlling the vehicle.
With this course, you will learn various aspects of heavy truck driving such as the starting, balancing and positioning of the heavy vehicle, learn the gear functions and its purpose, understand the use of the clutch, brake, accelerator and dashboard, road markings and signals, changing lanes, vehicle control, anticipation and reaction, courtesy to other road users and the legal restrictions and obligations.
Documents required to issue a heavy truck driving license in Dubai
Original Emirates ID
Eye test (must be done before opening the RTA file)
A valid visa issued in Dubai
Valid original UAE driving license (if any)
Female learners wanting to take heavy truck driving lessons from a male instructor:
If you are less than 21 years of age then you need to visit our counter to issue no objection certiﬁcate
Holding a drivers’ visa (excluding Taxi Company):
Medical ﬁtness report from the RTA approved medical centre/hospitals.
Transferring your Heavy Truck UAE driving license ﬁle from other institutes in Dubai/Emirates:
Original RTA ﬁle from the previous school/institute
No Objection letter/status report from previous school/institute.
Theory lectures details (if attended)
Training Sheet (if practical training has been taken)
Holding a partner visa:
Copy of valid trade license.
Working in Dubai, holding visa from another Emirate:
No Objection letter from your Dubai ofﬁce stating reference of your current employment with them.
How Many Tests Are There Before You Get A Heavy Truck Driving License?
You need to pass five tests in total along the way to acquiring your truck driving license in Dubai. Our experienced instructors will prepare you for each of these tests during your driving lessons. Please ensure to carry your Emirates ID and RTA learning permit at all times.1. Theory test
2. Assessment road test
3. Assessment parking test
4 . RTA parking test
5. RTA road test
Our Heavy Truck Driving Lessons Will Begin with Theory
You start with the theoretical part of your heavy truck license courses to gain some knowledge of driving before getting behind the wheel and better harmonize your thoughts and reactions to perfect your practical understanding.
You can only proceed to practical driving lessons after passing the theoretical part of your UAE driving license category 4.
WHAT YOU WILL LEARN: LECTURES IN OUR HEAVY TRUCK DRIVING COURSE
Lecture 1: Attitude and Responsibilities
Lecture 2: Traffic Signs
Lecture 3: Managing Risks
Lecture 4: Driver Condition
Lecture 5: Driving Environment
Lecture 6: Rules of the Road
Lecture 7: Hazard and Emergencies
Lecture 8: Safety Demonstration
Want to learn from the comfort of your home? You can take these heavy truck driving lessons through our mobile app. All you need is the Excellence Mobile App and an internet connection. All course presentations will be available on the app for you to refer to whilst studying for your theory test. Our lessons are available in English, Arabic and Urdu for your better understanding.
Want to learn from the comfort of your home? You can take these heavy truck driving lessons through our mobile app. All you need is the Excellence Mobile App and an internet connection. All course presentations will be available on the app for you to refer to whilst studying for your theory test. Our lessons are available in English, Arabic and Urdu for your better understanding.
Excellence Driving
PO Box - 446241
Al Qusais Industrial Area - 5
Dubai, United Arab Emirates