Download the app
Download the app
LET’S TALK MONEY: VIP Car Driving License Price/Fees in Dubai, UAE
Excellence Driving offers you an outstanding service including VIP driving license dubai at compelling price and luxurious advantages. Check out the price for our VIP driving course.
VIP LUMPSUM - 10 HOURS
AED 14850
(Inclusive of 5% VAT)
Week SequenceAll Days
Time Allowed in the Class Type8:30AM-5:30PM & 8:00PM-11:00PM
Training Fees per HourNot Applicable
Minimum Booking Duration1 Hour
Maximum Booking Duration4 Hours
Training VehicleMercedes or BMW
LoungeVIP
Whether no show is chargeable or not YES
VIP LUMPSUM - 20 HOURS
AED 18000 
(Inclusive of 5% VAT)
Week SequenceAll Days
Time Allowed in the Class Type8:30AM-5:30PM & 8:00PM-11:00PM
Training Fees per HourNot Applicable
Minimum Booking Duration1 Hour
Maximum Booking Duration4 Hours
Training VehicleMercedes or BMW
LoungeVIP
Whether no show is chargeable or not YES
Terms and Conditions:
We’re a stickler for rules:
VIP Driving License:
Highlights of Our VIP Driving Course
Our special course for VIP driving license in Dubai provides customized services and high-end cars for training. Selected luxury cars are chosen for you like: 
MercedesBMW
We offer exclusive VIP driving license courses in Dubai for our VIP members, to provide the highest level of service to our discerning clients. 
Our VIP driving packages are presented to those looking for a driving school in Dubai that offers absolute flexibility, luxury and exceptional comfort during their journey.
*The license will be issued on completion of 18 years of age, for trainees registering at the age of 17 years & 6 months.**If you are student holding a driving license from another country eligible for reduced classes to acquire a UAE driving license, you must attend a Pre-Evaluation Test examined by us. You can book this through our call centre or by visiting us.
Documents Required To Register For Our VIP Driving Course in Dubai, UAE
Original Emirates ID
A valid visa in Dubai
Eye test (must be done before opening the RTA file)
Valid Original driving license from another country (if any): License must be legally translated only from Dubai if not printed in English/Arabic. The license must be attested from the home country embassy/consulate if in handwritten and/or in book format.
Female learners wanting to take luxury driving lessons from a male instructor:
If you are less than 21 Years of Age then you need to visit our counter to issue No Objection Certificate upon registering for VIP driving course Dubai.
Holding a drivers’ visa  (excluding Taxi Company):
Medical ﬁtness report from  the RTA approved medical  centre/hospitals.
Transferring your UAE driving license file from other institutes in Dubai/Emirates to enroll in our VIP driving course:
Original RTA ﬁle from the previous school/instituteNo Objection letter/status report from previous school/institute.Theory lectures details (if attended)Training Sheet (if practical training has been taken)
YOUR JOURNEY: HOW MANY DRIVING TESTS ARE THERE BEFORE YOU GET A DRIVERS LICENSE?
You need to pass three tests in total along the way to acquiring your driver’s license in Dubai. Our experienced instructors will prepare you for each of these tests during your luxury driving lessons. Please ensure to carry your Emirates ID and RTA learning permit at all times.
OUR VIP DRIVING LESSONS WILL BEGIN WITH THEORY
The information and driving rules you learn during your theory lessons prepare you for the practical training and grant you theoretical knowledge that helps you build confidence to get out on the road.
Attending theoretical classes is essential in order to move forwards into getting your driving license in Dubai. You cannot progress to the practical training without completing the theoretical lessons and passing their test.
LECTURES IN OUR VIP DRIVING COURSE
Lecture 1: Attitude and Responsibilities
Lecture 2: Trafﬁc Signs
Lecture 3: Managing Risks
Lecture 4: Driver Condition
Lecture 5: Driving Environment
Lecture 6: Rules of the Road
Lecture 7: Hazard and Emergencies
Lecture 8: Safety Demonstration
Want to learn from the comfort of your home? You can take theory driving lessons for your VIP driving license Dubai through our mobile app. All you need is the Excellence Mobile App and an internet connection. All course presentations will be available on the app for you to refer to whilst studying for your theory test. Our VIP driving lessons are available in English, Arabic and Urdu for your better understanding.
Want to learn from the comfort of your home? You can take theory driving lessons for your VIP driving license Dubai through our mobile app. All you need is the Excellence Mobile App and an internet connection. All course presentations will be available on the app for you to refer to whilst studying for your theory test. Our VIP driving lessons are available in English, Arabic and Urdu for your better understanding.
Excellence Driving
PO Box - 446241
Al Qusais Industrial Area - 5
Dubai, United Arab Emirates