Download the app
Download the app
Motorcycle driving license in UAE
LET’S TALK MONEY:Motorcycle Driving Course Fees in Dubai, UAE 2024
Our motorcycle courses are affordable and feature superior. Check the dubai bike license total fees below:
REGULAR
AED 3706.2
 / 
AED 2972.25
AED 4860.15
 / 
AED 3812.25
AED 80/per hour
Week SequenceMon - Sat
Number of hours per week6 hrs
Time allowed in the class type
08:30 - 14:30 15:30 - 17:30
Minimum Booking duration1 hr
Maximum class duration per day2 hrs
Priority of SchedulingNO
No cost rescheduling upto how many hours48 hrs
Scheduling Interval*24 hrs
Whether no show is chargeable or not **YES
FLEXI
AED 4126.2
 / 
AED 3392.25
AED 5700.15
 / 
AED 4652.25
AED 120/per hour
Week SequenceSun - Sat
Number of hours per week28 hrs
Time allowed in the class type
08:30 - 14:3015:30 - 17:30 20:00 - 23:00
Minimum Booking duration1 hr
Maximum class duration per day4 hrs
Priority of SchedulingYES
No cost rescheduling upto how many hours12 hrs
Scheduling Interval*1 hr
Whether no show is chargeable or not **YES
* Subject to availability can be reduced for regular category
** In case of medical emergency, the no show shall not be chargeable, subject to an attested Sick leave certiﬁcate
We're a stickler for rules:
Bike Driving License in Dubai, UAE
Highlights of Our Motorcycle Driving Course
Students who complete this motorcycle driving course are permitted to drive automatic and manual transmission motorcycles.
Fresh learner? Enroll for 20 hours to be eligible for the ﬁnal test.
Learn balancing, control and positioning of your vehicle on roads. Further hone your skills by learning turning and cornering at high speed curves on highways and winding roads.
Students are required to be dressed appropriately with safety shoes, full length sleeves shirt/t-shirt and full trousers, while riding.
Have a valid two-year-old motorcycle license from your home country? You need to attend only 10 hours of lessons provided that the bike license is attested from the home country embassy/consulate if in handwritten and/or in book format.
*The license will be issued on completion of 18 years of age, for trainees registering at the age of 17 years & 6 months.**If you are student holding a driving license from another country eligible for reduced classes to acquire a UAE driving license, you must attend a Pre-Evaluation Test examined by us. You can book this through our call centre or by visiting us.
Documents required to issue a bike driving license in Dubai, UAE
Original Emirates ID
Eye test must be completed before RTA ﬁle opening.
A valid visa issued in Dubai
Valid original motorbike license of the same category from another country (if any): the motorbike License must be legally translated in Dubai particularly if not printed in English/Arabic. The motorcycle license must be attested from the home country embassy/consulate if it’s handwritten and/or in book format.
Female learners wanting  to take motorcycle  driving lessons from a  male instructor:
If you are less than 21 Years  of Age then you need to visit  our counter to issue No  Objection Certiﬁcate.
Holding a drivers’ visa  (excluding Taxi Company):
Medical ﬁtness report from  the RTA approved medical  centre/hospitals.
Transferring your motorcycle license ﬁle from other institutes in Dubai/Emirates:
Original RTA ﬁle from the previous school/institute
No Objection letter/status report from previous school/institute.
Theory lectures details (if attended)
Training Sheet (if practical training has been taken)
Holding a partner visa:
Copy of valid trade license.
Working in Dubai, holding visa from another Emirate:
No Objection letter from your Dubai ofﬁce stating reference of your current employment with them.*Kindly ensure that the NOC is printed on the company’s letterhead with company stamp and signature of designated authority.
WHAT YOU WILL LEARN: LECTURES IN OUR MOTORCYCLE DRIVING COURSE
Lecture 1: Introduction to Motorcycle
Lecture 2: Trafﬁc signs
Lecture 3: Risk Management
Lecture 4: Driver Condition
Lecture 5: Driving Environment
Lecture 6: Rules of the road
Lecture 7: Hazards & Emergencies
Lecture 8: Safe Driving
Want to learn from the comfort of your home? You can take these lessons through our mobile app. All you need is the Excellence Mobile App and an internet connection. Motorcycle driving course presentations will be available on the app for you to refer to whilst studying for your theory test. Our lessons are available in English, Arabic and Urdu for your better understanding.
Want to learn from the comfort of your home? You can take these lessons through our mobile app. All you need is the Excellence Mobile App and an internet connection. Motorcycle driving course presentations will be available on the app for you to refer to whilst studying for your theory test. Our lessons are available in English, Arabic and Urdu for your better understanding.
Motorcycle Driving License FAQs
What Is Category 1 Driving License In UAE?
The Category 1 driving license in the UAE is provided for motorcycles. It allows its carrier to use two-wheeled vehicles of different engine capacities. The criteria for receiving such a license include age (17+ years old), undergoing training at an approved driving school, and passing theory and practical exams. 
The Category 1 driving license in the UAE is provided for motorcycles. It allows its carrier to use two-wheeled vehicles of different engine capacities. The criteria for receiving such a license include age (17+ years old), undergoing training at an approved driving school, and passing theory and practical exams.
How Many Types of Bike Licenses Are In Dubai?
In Dubai, the only type of license issued specifically for motorcycles is the Category 1 license which allows the rider to ride motorcycles of all engine capacities. This license ensures that the rider is trained and competent to handle motorbikes safely on the roads. 
In Dubai, the only type of license issued specifically for motorcycles is the Category 1 license which allows the rider to ride motorcycles of all engine capacities. This license ensures that the rider is trained and competent to handle motorbikes safely on the roads.
How Can One Apply For A Motorcycle License In Dubai?
To apply for a motorcycle license in Dubai, you must first register with an RTA-approved driving school like Excellence Driving. It involves taking a vision test, attending theory lessons, successfully taking theory and practical tests, and completing the given number of training hours.
To apply for a motorcycle license in Dubai, you must first register with an RTA-approved driving school like Excellence Driving. It involves taking a vision test, attending theory lessons, successfully taking theory and practical tests, and completing the given number of training hours.
How Long Does It Take To Obtain A Bike License?
On an average it takes about 2 to 3 months to get the motorcycle license in Dubai, depending on how fast you complete your course of lessons and pass the theory and practical tests. 
On an average it takes about 2 to 3 months to get the motorcycle license in Dubai, depending on how fast you complete your course of lessons and pass the theory and practical tests.
What Is The Validity Of A Bike License In Dubai?
In Dubai, if the rider is below the age of 21, his license will be valid for 1 year. Again, if the rider is 21 or more than 21 years of age, his license will be valid for 2 years. After the period of 2 years, the license has to be renewed again. 
In Dubai, if the rider is below the age of 21, his license will be valid for 1 year. Again, if the rider is 21 or more than 21 years of age, his license will be valid for 2 years. After the period of 2 years, the license has to be renewed again.
Is It Possible For Me To Pay My Bike License Payments Over Time?
Yeah, lots of driving schools such as Excellence Driving offer payment plans where you can pay back the total cost of the motorcycle license in installments. They let you spread it out over time. 
Yeah, lots of driving schools such as Excellence Driving offer payment plans where you can pay back the total cost of the motorcycle license in installments. They let you spread it out over time.
Excellence Driving
PO Box - 446241
Al Qusais Industrial Area - 5
Dubai, United Arab Emirates